I would say Udacity definitely played a big part in helping me transform my career.
Before I was in Retail Banking.
The moment I realized that,why within a moment
do I feel excited to go there or is it just something that,
"Hey, I got a job.
I should just be grateful for the fact that I got a job".
I've been always drawn to creating things.
So I studied Multimedia Computer Science and then I joined Mercedes,
became a Service Manager for IT and in recent years,
there was some cultural change in my company.
So there was a Big Data team created.
Data is everywhere, and more and more companies are hiring key people,
who can analyze and visualize data to make key decision.
Introducing Udacity's Data Analyst Nanodegree Program.
In this program, you will master the skills you
need to establish a successful career as a data analyst.
Our curriculum was developed with leading industry partners,
to ensure students gain the most valuable data analytical skills.
While I was in the Nanodegree, I learned a lot.
I think it's more of how to look at data in a different way.
The projects I'm doing,
they're actually more helpful.
I know the skills that I acquired can actually help me with getting employed.
So what changed in my professional life was that I was able to
convincingly show people that this is something I am now a specialist in.
Now I'm becoming Architect for Data Science at Mercedes.
Well, when I got that job offer and that was the best feeling ever.
At least [inaudible]. Yeah, I mean I haven't.